Fix broken link (#34002)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/express_nodejs/introduction/index.md

## Introducing Express

> [Express](https://expressjs.com/) is the most popular _Node_ web framework, and is the underlying library for a number of other popular [Node web frameworks](https://web.archive.org/web/20240328030121/https:/expressjs.com/en/resources/frameworks.html). It provides mechanisms to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Express](https://expressjs.com/) is the most popular Node.js web framework, and is the underlying library for a number of other popular Node.js frameworks. It provides mechanisms to:
```

Author: Great idea, apologies for missing the issue!  

As I was reading on I noticed yet another broken link at ["high profile companies" ](https://expressjs.com/en/resources/companies-using-express.html).  

It seems that that page was also removed from Express docs after discussion (see [here](https://github.com/expressjs/expressjs.com/pull/1484), i.e. the same commit as the one removing the frameworks page).

Should I open a similar issue on the lines of [#33948](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/33948), and refer back to that earlier discussion? 

Thanks for your patience for first time contributors!

Reviewer: Good catch! I would treat this the same way and make it plain text for that paragraph:

```md
Based on the number of high profile companies that use Express, the number of people contributing to the codebase, and the number of people providing both free and paid for support, then yes, Express is a popular framework!
```

>Thanks for your patience for first time contributors!

Not a problem, we all enjoy collaborating, so it's a pleasure to help out with first time contributions! 🙌🏻

Reviewer 2: @3willows You should commit the suggestion above and then make another commit to change the other broken link you mentioned. No need to open an issue or another PR.

Author: Thanks so much @bsmth and @Josh-Cena, have done so!
